Create single-nic-vm-host.md (#475)
canonical/netplan: doc/single-nic-vm-host.md

> # How to configure a virtual machine host with a single network interface

Reviewer: This new document should also be linked from the "How-to guides" menu, by adding it to the `toctree` in `doc/howto.md`.

Reviewer 2: Let's try to keep titles short. VM is an acceptable acronym.
```suggestion
# How to configure a VM host with a single network interface
```

> In this How to, you will learn how to configure a virtual machine host using netplan and virsh. The host in this scenario has a single network interface. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this How to, you will learn how to configure a virtual machine host using Netplan and virsh. The host in this scenario has a single network interface. 
```

> In this How to, you will learn how to configure a virtual machine host using Netplan and virsh. The host in this scenario has a single network interface. 

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: howtos are for doing specific tasks. Tutorials for learning.
```suggestion
This guide shows how to configure a virtual-machine host using Netplan and `virsh`. The host in this scenario has a single network interface. 
```

### Reference setup

- A computer with a single NIC.
- Ubuntu Server installed.
- QEMU/KVM installed.
- IPv4: 
    - Network: 192.168.150.0/24
    - DNS1: 1.1.1.1
    - DNS2: 8.8.8.8
- A switch
- A router/firewall
    - IPv4: 192.168.150.254/24
    - Firewall policies, DNS, DHCP configured and tested.

### Elevated privileges
All commands in this tutorial assume you are using elevated privileges.

### QEMU/KVM installed
QEMU/KVM should be installed. Installation instructions can be found on [this Ubuntu Wiki page](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/KVM/Installation).

### Disable netfilter for bridged interfaces

We need to disable netfilter for bridged interfaces, in order to allow communications between the homeserver, its virtual machines, and the devices in the local VLANs.

- Edit this file: ```/etc/systemctl.conf```
- Add the following lines to the file

```
net.bridge.bridge-nf-call-iptables = 0
net.bridge.bridge-nf-call-ip6tables = 0
net.bridge.bridge-nf-call-arptables = 0
```

- Apply the changes immediately, without rebooting the host.

```
sysctl -p /etc/sysctl.conf
```

> ### Edit or firewall rules

Reviewer: This heading needs to be improved, it's not a proper sentence.

Remember to edit, configure, or disable firewall according to your needs. You can refer to [ufw documentation](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UFW) if you need help configuring it.

## Netplan configuration

> ### Edit netplan configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Edit Netplan configuration
```

> Edit netplan configuration file:  ```/etc/netplan/00-installer-config.yaml```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit Netplan's configuration file:  ```/etc/netplan/00-installer-config.yaml```
```

Reviewer 2: A note on this: the possessive here is not necessary ("Netplan configuration file" works just as well), and we try to avoid anthropomorphizing products.
